This is my roblox game repository.

The game is a multiplayer speedrun collectathon based around collecting
a predefined number of keys to open an exit door. Players can collect
gears in addition to those keys to overclock their jetpack and move
faster around the map.

Features with the qualifier (LAUNCH) are features critical to the launch of
the game and should be prioritized.

Here is a good overview of how the game works.

Round Gameplay
    -Players spawn in in specified spawn zones. The game will choose
    one of the provided spawn zones at random and spawn the entire lobby
    into the map. A cutscene will play showing the highlighted keys and
    gears. Players will run around the map with the goal of collecting A
    certain number of keys and then opening the escape door. Every player
    must collect enough keys if they wish to escape. One player opening the
    door doesn't open it for everyone else. The players can also upgrade
    their jetpack by collecting gears. Their jetpack will add a speed that
    propells players forward constantly. Once the number of players who
    have escaped reaches the max number, the round ends, and those players
    form a new lobby to go into the next round. This continues until the
    final round where only the first out wins.


Online Play
    -Regular(LAUNCH)
        -This is the main mode players will play. I want this mode to be
        dynamic in it's implementation. Ideally, we have enough concurrent
        players to create lobbies of 50 players. I know at launch this is
        unrealistic. For this reason we should create a dynamic queue that
        samples the number of players in the queue. We should have an
        accurate reading of how many players are currently queuing for a
        game. Based on this reading we will determine both the lobby size
        and number of rounds. This data should be easily modifiable. To
        start I want under 40 players actively queuing to map to lobby 
        sizes of 6. I want 41-100 players queuing to map to lobby sizes 
        of 12. I want 101-500 players to map to lobby sizes of 25. and I 
        want anything above 500 players in the queue to map to lobby sizes
        of 50.

        -The overview structure of the game is like this: lobbies of 50 will
        play a round that cuts the qualifiers to 25. Lobbies of 25 will Play
        a round that cuts the qualifiers to 12. Lobbies of 12 will play a round
        that cuts the qualifiers to 6. Lobbies of 6 will play a round that
        determines the winner. Based on the size of the lobby, the game will
        dynamically account and choose which round to begin the players in.
        As you can see, the game funnels down to a winner over numerous rounds.

        Regular game structure:
            1. Modular lobby creation
                -The lobby creation will be modular and based on current
                player counts. This way, players will not be waiting for
                full 50 player lobbies if the player count doesn't support
                it
            2. Map auto selection
                -Server selects from a map pool which map to play on
            3. Map cutscene plays upon load
            4. Brief waiting for players notification
            5. Collectible spawn locations are generated
                -Make the collectible spawn locations exist with their 
                respective map. Make this modular so that collectible
                spawns are easily added and removed. Make the collectible
                spawn logic random. Make the collectible spawn logic
                dependent on the collectible's spawn rank (Higher ranked
                spawn positions are more likely to spawn). Again, 
                construct this to be modular because I will be altering it
            6. Cutscene plays to show spots of several (not all) collectibles
                -Make this cutscene display the most prominent collectibles.
                To explain, the collectibles will have a value ranking.
                This means that the cutscene will show the most easy to get
                and open collectibles.
            7. Countdown
                -Server authority countdown timer that then begins the
                Collectathon phase of the round. During this the amount of
                players that qualify are displayed above the timer and so
                is the amount of keys required to escape.
            8. Collectathon phase - main gameplay
                -The collectathon phase is the main gameplay which runs
                until either a maximum of 5 minutes or the necessary amount
                of players have successfully qualified. Remember that the
                amount of players set to qualify is based upon the dynamic
                lobby creation logic. 50->25->12->6->1. Note that upon
                a player's qualification for the next round, they should begin
                spectating. The player should begin spectating the player in
                the lead and be able to swap between players to spectate based
                on the round leaderboard. Note that there will be a server based
                round leaderboard that calculates who is in first, second, etc.
                This leaderboard will be an onscreen ui in the top right of the
                screen.
            9. Post-qualification
                -Non qualifying players will be taken to a postgame screen that
                allows them to go back to the menu or search for another game.
                Qualifying players will be met with a brief you qualified screen
                that shows their player emoting and some music will play. They
                will see what order they qualified in on the leaderboard and how
                many collectibles they picked up that round. After 10-15 seconds
                the server will take the qualified players (assuming that this
                isn't the final round) and create another lobby with just these players.
                Then this lobby will play another round begining with map selection.
            10. If it is the final round
                -If it is the final round there needs to be special qualifiers to
                differentiate it from the other rounds. Firstly, there will be a
                win screen for the one player that qualifies first.

    -Ranked


Here is how I want to structure the game:

-The game must be very well structured. I don't want code randomly stuffed
in a service because it can be and works now. I want almost all features
related to gameplay to be executed in a way that highlights separation of
concerns and modularity.